I said if he does call him, he could say, quote,
with you I can do this and this and this.
But I can't do this and this.
One quote, two dashes.
Of course, then you people will not be able to say then.
Oh, what about us?
I am not in a position to ask you.
I have not been mocking with it at the moment.
There's some here another question.
What is Roy doing?
Car is backing you off the game.
He's never here when the fireworks are on.
What?
You assure you are not see-roeing Adam then as a collateral target.
Car, no.
Adam, I have reason to believe that is so.
Car, I am not.
Adam, but do you know anybody else?
Car, no.
Adam, let me ask you a question.
Do you think I have ever done anything?
Ever to indicate that I've discounts the ability of the FBI?
Car, never to meet John No.
Adam, do you think I have ever done anything to indicate to you or to anybody else in the committee?
That I thought the FBI had no protest in the field of security.
Car, I can't say for anybody else John, not to meet.
Adam, from your conversations with me,
would you think I was a supporter of what the FBI was trying to do for all of us in this field?
I'm asking that because I have particular reason to believe that I'm used to a friend that told the director.
Car, that you are not a friend, Adam, where I can't ask isolate today.
I don't remember when it was two days since.
But in one of those days when we were two days since,
maybe even the afternoon when I got fired from the committee,
two days since, it may have been before that.
Two days since, in one of those violent things,
maybe in a hallway or over the phone, two days since.
I have a recollection that was in a car.
Boy was bringing his head.
He said, quote, the FBI told you.
And so forth, and so forth, and so forth.
And in response to that, perhaps,
pushed to exasperation.
Beyond all bearing, I may have said something to him,
quote, above the hell if we were.
What is an FBI report?
It is only a report, and quote.
The only thing to do is to stand on your records.
Adam, I have written clearly as so that to the director.
Car, I can tell you this.
I don't know whether he has or not.
I do know that he is close, of course, to him.
Adam, so are you close to the director?
Car, meet personally, Adam, yes.
So I would say I am on more friendly terms.
Adam, I am not asking you to do this,
because the artillery is firing up the directions.
But today might come when you would have an opportunity.
My name would be discussed in front of the director and your president.
I would appreciate it if you would tell him what you have told me in that regard.
Car, I will tell him exactly what we have said.
Adam, that is all I will tell you.
If you have any needs on the guys between the Committee and the Director,
which I thank you have, two dashes.
Car, right.
Adam, guys that you are familiar with,
if you wanted to pass that word on, two dashes.
Car, let me ask you this.
There's a issue on this thing.
Adam, I have reason to believe that the director has no support.
The director has been told that I consider SBI reports of no value,
and that I have so stayed.
Car, can you say you have reason to believe somebody has made an issue?
Adam, it has come directly to me from the director.
Car, hold him there, he's definitely an issue on him.
Adam, drive.
Car, no, I'll stick by my guns.
You have never said anything to me that way.
No.
Adam, so have you ever had any reason to believe?
Car, are you voting me?
No, the only thing I would say that would indicate that you had it.
Ever in any way, three dashes, could in any way be involved,
would be the fact that you were once an applicant.
Adam, that is correct.
Car, on this other thing, then you cannot say.
Adam, it could have happened today, but I don't know whether it is this.
The right thing that has been signed from all directions.
Car, I suppose I am putting you on the spot.
If you say you don't know or can't know, I won't even ask you.
Adam, I know what is going on in this particular field.
It is too hot, but our position is the same as it was in the month of meetings.
I am in no position or thought on the secretary to tell you whether she has or has not been.
Car, I will press you on it.
If I correct me, read the transcripts of the month of February 25, 1954,
between John Adams and Frank Carr, Mr. Lucas.
There's one remark by Mr. Adams.
Oh, I thought that's not the way it's the last page you have there.
So is that guy's that?
I believe you read the lawyer and the word here is friendly.
Yes, you correct.
Is that the only correction you've got to make?
Yes, sir.
And I read it correctly, except for that one change.
Now, Mr. Lucas, they do monitor any other calls between these two gentlemen.
Mr. Adams and Mr. Carr.
No, sir.
The other call for monitor died.
Is it Miss Quincy?
Miss Quincy is Mr. Adams, okay.
And Mr. Shan Bajer?
Yes, Miss Shan Bajer.
Is Miss Quincy available with us?
Mr. Chairman, I have a question for you.
You're not going to wait until the call is over.
Yes, you will have all the other data in the next seven months.
If you look, if you're a man in the room, then I need some questions by the way.
Miss Quincy, the L.A. is the one.
The class A is the standard point.
While the ceremony is going on, while we have the opportunities, let's return to our studio as a cost account.
I'll be back.
Will you state you fully, please?
I have a question for Mr. Langston.
Mr. Chairman, may they cherish the justice of the officer in the doorway?
I have the attention of the officer in the doorway, please.
I ask that there are some sounds of confusion emanating from the outside of the committee,
when you ask those who are not in the committee room to stand back a little further from the doorway,
please keep a quiet space between the doorway and the audience outside.
It's not the people inside the room and the noise is coming from the first outside.
All right, five minutes.
You make a big one.
Is that Miss or Miss?
Yes, yes.
You are Secretary to Mr. John Adams, is that correct?
That's correct.
And have been for how old?
Since October 1, 1953.
I think it's you, an expert, just a knock on the door.
I'm not a writer.
I'm a secretary there, and not a cost reporter, and I can still look at that.
Have you yet much of a little experience in taking the short-hand notes?
I'm about to give you a second.
You consider yourself able to monitor calls and take down substantially how they'll say it in short-hand?
I didn't get every word you say in time.
Are the calls which you monitor in the transcription, which you have in front of you?
Substantially.
Will you represent substantially what we'll say?
I'll be here.
A monitor call or transcription of a monitor call between Mr. Car and Miss Adams.
They get much sad, 1950-fold.
Yes.
Did you take that call?
I did.
You were on the line.
I worked on the line.
And you took it down in short-hand?
I did.
And the two gentlemen conversed.
So, correct.
Yes.
And what you hear, they are substantially what we'll say.
What is the time of that call?
45.
Two.
Now, I will read the copy that I hear.
And if you call it with me and say it's my reading directly.
The last day in March, 1950-45, 45.
So, you, is that the first call that you hear?
I mean, you do not have to look.
Mr. Car, hello, my car.
Mr. Adams, yes, the moment until I get my teletype running.
My tape, beige, my wire recorder.
Mr. Car, your recorder.
Mr. Adams, right?
Yes, Mr. Car.
Senate to sign it.
Mr. Adams, right?
Mr. Car, hello, the Senate to Dixon.
As requested, that the thing be held off so that they can appear.
Sign it to news in Europe.
And as expected back at any time, and Senate to Dixon.
As he told you, so that the thing will be held off.
The date we will agree on.
Now, that ought to take care of your situation.
Mr. Adams, right?
Mr. Car, you have to be in there.
Mr. Adams, good.
Mr. Car, I guess that is about it.
Anything?
I ain't a rep or English friend.
Am I going to hear it?
No, I was just going to ask.
I think that that is on the little first.
I could have gotten it on March.
Two, 1950-45.
That's about it.
I have 45, I have to be here.
Thank you.
Mr. Car, I guess that is about it, except that I was very much like to get together with you.
So we could have a private check sometime while we have a client moment.
Mr. Adams, I will give you a ring tomorrow.
And see if we can get together then.
Mr. Car, I would like to see if we can get together.
Mr. Adams, right?
How?
Now, is that...
Yeah, that correct me.
You read the transcriptions of the call between these two men on the date which was already indicated.
And what car has found the track that is through the transcriptions you have?
That was taken from your short hand notes.
I'll get to the front.
I'll take the left.
Yes, that is back.
You will see.
I'll take the left.
You'll see.
I'll take the two copies from my short hand notes.
Yes.
What is the next?
The monitor call that you have between Mr. Car and Mr. Adams.
A 305 and the estimated March 19th of the fall.
March 3, 1954.
The date following the first call.
Yes.
I will read it and I'll ask you if I read it correctly.
Mr. Adams, how are you?
Mr. Car, fine.
John, would you arrange to have a man come here Friday morning?
She'll ask.
They need to leave.
I think I'll go out with these a name of I just back in time.
And I said no objection.
I would ask.
Maybe they'll leave it there.
Any objection at all?
Anyone wants it in?
All right with us.
My last objection, the name of this is...
Here's the station.
It's cone.
It may be better if I don't give the scripted information back to someone.
Get a full outside.
This is all right.
I don't give a general description.
But if with the permission of the committee, you can stay away from name.
I'd like to inform them in theory on this.
I'd say that we'd probably be okay.
The station that walked through the hospital.
In a new road, sappy at the exception.
Now, Ms. Colsey are here.
Oh, me.
Left portion of Mr. Car's answer.
Or which described the person?
Yes.
There.
Mr. Adams.
What do you want him for?
Mr. Carch.
Go.
Next here at 10 o'clock in the 50 room.
Mr. Adams, what room?
Mr. Car, 357.
I'll tell you what.
Don't have income to 357.
Send him to 101.
Mr. Adams, right.
Okay, right.
When there's a notation,
at the bottom of this transcription,
this follows.
Start to reach Mr. Car 916.
March 4, 1954.
They're not in.
They're not correctly read.
They're your transcription with the exception of stating.
Or facts which would have been a fire.
The particular man who was the subject of this conversation.
You have.
That's great.
What is the next call that you hear between Mr. Carch and Mr. Adams?
940,000.
Morning, 4 marks, 19.
4.
Now we'll read it.
Now ask you to follow me to say,
I read it correctly.
Mr. Adams.
Frank.
Mr. Car, yes.
Mr. Adams.
Frank Car.
How are you?
How are you happy?
Mr. Car, I don't know why.
Mr. Adams, what is this new investigation you have started?
Mr. Car, what we have investigated.
Mr. Adams, you have a phone.
I understand you have been a fellow who worked for us named
FIX.
Mr. Car, what's for you?
Mr. Adams, what's for the Army?
I've just heard a phone call.
That you called him, but I can't find him.
They will probably get in touch with me about two minutes
after he gets to your place.
There's no top secret.
You have the secret?
I don't mind you telling me.
Now it, if you're with that.
Mr. Car, it is the secret.
I continue this.
I don't think it affects the Army.
Mr. Adams, both of you affect his activities in World War II.
Mr. Car, I am being guarded because I don't want to tell you
it's telling you something not so.
Mr. Adams, is it in connection with someone famous a few years ago?
Mr. Car, no.
It affects one piece of knowledge which he is supposed to have.
Mr. Adams, the trouble is, if it affects his covert operations,
which has been his business for the past ten years, he has stopped my law.
Mr. Car, I would say this in the first place, so that your mind isn't used.
So far as any new investigation is concerned,
it does not in any way affect the Army.
In the second place, any information we want, there's one bit of information
which he is supposed to have.
Mr. Adams, you wouldn't be willing to tell me.
Mr. Car, I would be willing.
I would have to tell you the confidential status.
I can't tell you over the phone.
You are coming over, aren't you?
Mr. Adams, no, I have a meeting in about one minute and fifty seconds.
The roof area is coming over.
You wouldn't walk to a roof.
Mr. Car, please, now I am being so kinky,
Senate the Navy, and strict conference.
All the Senate's don't know about it.
They're held, but not in detail.
Mr. Adams, the only reason I am hit is to help.
I employ you in such a way that they can be of help to committee.
Yet not to violate regulations in action,
every not-answering questions.
All in so do we get any trouble with the committee.
Mr. Car, what is your fault?
Mr. Adams, I have an un-fated meeting, you would allow it.
I can come up and see.
Mr. Car, when are you going there once?
Adams, I'll make these specific points.
Two dots.
Car, I want you to come over on other things.
Mr. Adams is growing in town.
Mr. Car, he is, but not in the office.
Mr. Adams, do you think it is better not to try?
Because he's out of the building and needs to launch.
Mr. Car, yes, where?
I prefer to do that.
Mr. Adams, you want to walk across the street to the left of the garden?
Mr. Car, good case.
Nobody goes there.
Mr. Adams?
Yes.
Mr. Adams, how about meeting you at the lobby of Memphis?
Mr. Car, go, double duty time on this.
Now, have I collected?
Go, in the chain script, you don't monitor any of the things.
You don't monitor any of the call of March 4, 1954, 9.25 a.m.
between Mrs. Car and Adams.
Yes.
There are no divisions in that call.
I'll make this question.
What is there ever I want?
Not to bother.
That means that we have other things.
Well, so you work with the mic up a little closer.
Very pleased.
Do I look too dark to make me look at the way they are?
There are no divisions.
I don't know what you're going to do.
Oh, I'm not so good at it.
Did you monitor a call?
Or March 5, 1954, at 5.25 p.m.
between Mr. Car and Adams.
You have a transcription of that call in front of you.
I will read from my transcription and I'll ask you for.
Mr. Car.
Hello, Mr. Adams, hello Frank.
Mr. Car, John Howe.
Mr. Adams, fine how are you?
From where the hell have you been all day?
Mr. Car.
We had a hearing this morning and after that I went down town with Joe
and looked at the airport with Roy and stuff like that.
Mr. Adams, is Joe going on vacation?
Tell me the truth.
I will repeat it to the press.
Mr. Car, answer is officially no.
Mr. Adams, is he going to be back for wings to hearings?
Mr. Car, just a couple of days.
Mr. Adams, are you going to change signals on us?
Car, what do you mean, change signals?
Adams, we are grinding away on what it is proper to tell.
Three dots.
Car, we are giving you ample time.
Adams, in a very applicable manner.
Car, we are giving you adequate time.
Adams, are you recording this conversation?
Car, there is no sense of both doing it.
Cut tape to pinion.
You cut off yours and then I cut off and when we have run and when we.
Well, evidently you don't have the whole substance of that substance.
And when we run, we have conversation that isn't understandable.
If I read that, it's okay.
Mr. Adams, but I want to know, I have a couple of questions I want to ask.
Did you make any headway on what we discussed a bunch?
Car, I think.
Yes, let's put it this way.
I will say without talking too much on phone, generally yes.
Specifically, three dots.
Adams, no.
Car, maybe in certain instances, no.
Generally yes.
A good thing for Adams.
For a certain instance, Car, I have another name of guy we would like to have you bring in.
Adams, what is name?
Car, what is that?
Mr. Car.
X.
Adams, X.
Car, say, number X.
Mr. Adams, X.
Car.
Here's of all places in gun detachment, face.
Mr. Car, Mr. Adams, what do you know about him?
Mr. Car, same type of thing, John.
Like these other people.
Adams, I see.
Car.
We would like to request also as expeditiously as possible, the two of one's out on him and
we would like to have him directly to come in for a brief ejection session on Wednesday.
Adams, on our faces.
We're both ethnic.
Mr. Car, no Wednesday morning.
This is prior to the problem.
One thing to tell you, Adams, I see.
Car possibility.
This could be set back.
Put back a couple of days.
Adams, how can you do that?
Car, by no time you.
Adams, do you think you could arrange that?
Car, well, maybe when I say progress, I do think definitely some progress has been made
along that line.
Adams, you would be interested to know that a guy came in.
I won't tell you who.
When you're controlled in a way or a way we were discussing until we saw things happen
today.
Everybody's very pleased with it.
He is behaving in second-sector manner.
His very hipstick.
His arms are so good.
For God's sake, no tell the role what I'm going to take in.
They are considering him for leadership course.
Car, what is that?
Car, they take these guys that are going to leadership school for three or four weeks
at completion of basic before he goes into any place and go to leadership school.
And the guys by the flag whenever he goes, he is the graduate of the leadership course,
apparently good.
Three, the bus.
And God will let us travel out.
We're going into Augustine and got a second hand in Shevvy.
Mr. Car, that is being dispeased.
Adams, I think he was the sweetest of my big boys.
It was the wise thing to do for his own well-being.
They don't get used to cars much, but when he does, he goes in in a second hand Shevvy.
Mr. Car, he has been behaving and as I told you, he has never complained.
Adams, I don't want you to tell me what I'm going to do.
Because I don't want him to think he has a commitment to leadership school.
Car, three stars.
He will be just really to know if anyone will change other things.
Adams, what other things, what he expect us to do.
Car, I would like to report, looks around, looks about things before.
Which part I will, Adams.
I think all you should report is that you are going to have to change your position.
This will only keep the EU would get whatever he is supposed to get.
Adams, I can't make any commitment to change.
Reason I can't you remember trouble we got in because I spoke before I knew the numbers we'd see would have to stay in trouble.
And Roy almost blew the roof off the building.
Car, let me ask you, is this the only way to change your position?
Car, let me ask you, is this thing going through?
Adams, I'm very pleased to be behaving at Gordon.
The way I was trying to persuade you and Roy should behave at fix.
Car, I hope you turned off machine, quote,
the way I tried to persuade you and Roy, quote, Adams, why?
Car, with this bit, what he did to lay in it, Adams, he was in full for a fifth week of basic.
He just won with basic about April 1st.
I think a leadership course comes to about three or four weeks.
I think school is April 17th.
In his math section, a leadership course is something that would be three parts,
in two and would be done with.
If he was selected for next school, that would be way to his town.
It would occupy his town.
If he graduated and did get leadership, and did go to next CRB school,
when he came out, would not only be CRB graduate,
but going to know this guy is graduated from leadership and potential non-car.
And that is the way they go up in the car more and also,
in other words, he is putting out.
Car, that sounds very good.
Adams, of course, four weeks does not make him an engineer.
Car, but don't you tell Mr. Roy, Adams.
I will. Car, I want a commitment on that.
Adams, reason I will.
Car, he will start calling me, quote, what about leadership school, info.
And Dave will start pestering to go through leadership school.
Car.
I will tell that.
I will.
I will tell that everyone is free, and shape continues.
And it continues for everything that works for as much as a situation
as I will wait there.
Right?
Adams.
Well, both of them put anyone in the arm in the way of any commitment.
No.
I have told you from the very beginning, we absolutely could not make a commitment.
There's a car to tell a Roy.
Sixty times.
If he would let the car be in the arm, it would bring him workout.
The other lot better than if he kept on his.
Now, what?
To talk to you about lots of eggs.
It would go beyond the scope you told me.
Mr. Car, no it didn't.
Mr. Adams will be helpful on Mr. Car.
Mr. Car, I would rather talk to you and drive.
I would say not too successful.
Mr. Adams will buy a somewhat two-day two-dance to Mr. Car.
I will say all I can tell you is it has to do with something strictly personal.
Something under civil service.
And people get called upon something strictly personal.
Three guys.
I don't want to talk generally on the phone, but let's get together between some time.
Adams, Monday or Tuesday, Car, Monday or Tuesday, preferably Monday.
On the other situation I see general progress.
Adams, now you have eggs scheduled to come back Wednesday.
Car, that was because he wanted to.
Adams, if you have him in this, why Wednesday?
Car, I indicated Wednesday is the day we won't.
Adams, you put off to try.
Car officially wins.
On general situation, things does not.
Three bucks with mail.
Four dots in this position.
In fact, much better than when I told you before.
Adams, I don't want to bring eggs down uniform X-wink.
Car, I let you know.
X isn't too far.
Adams, is there possibility you know as well?
Mr. Stevens, next week.
Car, I would say good possibility.
Car, I would say good.